The following is a sample write-up for a child on the autism spectrum for a tennis clinic

**Be sure to use your water breaks to get to know Evan and talk to him!
**Be a supportive and outgoing cheerleader!
**Don’t forget to use VISUAL PRAISE (high 5’s, racket high 5’s, fist bumps, thumbs up, clapping, hands up in the air, etc.)

TENNIS GOAL: Focus on Evan understanding how to play a tennis match as a doubles team i.e. where to be on the court as a doubles partner, hitting the ball on ONE bounce, (versus multiple bounces), how to keep score, etc.  
Serves - work on Evan serving to the correct service box.
Evan needs to work on learning if his shot is “in” or “out”.
Evan needs to work on hitting gentler so his shot goes in the court.
Work on Evan moving to the ball and hitting it on one bounce. 
When doing ladder drills, challenge Evan with more difficult routines.

SOCIAL GOAL: Evan’s tends to be quiet and keep to himself, so be sure to engage with him and have short conversations. If you ask him questions, he will answer. You can encourage him to ask you questions back (you may have to give him a topic to ask you about.) If you can’t hear his responses, please ask him to speak louder so you know what he is saying. During water breaks, Evan tends to pace/walk around a lot, so be sure you are keeping up with him to keep him company during the breaks.
Evan tends to talk softly or mumble so ask him to speak up so you can understand.

Evan is 17 years old, is ambidextrous, and plays tennis RIGHT HANDED. He is very coordinated, although his movements can be a bit awkward.

He is homeschooled and has been playing tennis for a few years. He does not care much about form or technique, but he loves having fun on the court! If you need to correct technique, use visual modeling and have Evan walk through the motions with you while you do it.

Evan is easy going and follows directions. His biggest challenge is his focus and joint attention. Oftentimes, it may seem like he is listening, but he may not be listening. If you see him get distracted, he can be easily redirected by calling his name and letting him know it is time to “listen”. 

Evan has sensory issues, so standing still is a challenge and he may start pacing, skipping, jumping or running around. If he does this during drills, you can ask him to have a “CALM BODY” and he will stay still. During water breaks, he will often be skipping and moving around and that is fine because it is an appropriate time for him to do that. If he does this, PLEASE WALK WITH HIM AND HAVE CONVERSATIONS WITH HIM DURING THE WATER BREAK. Evan often mumbles or talks too fast and has some articulation issues so if you don’t understand him, you can ask him to speak up or slow down his words. He will not initiate most conversations, but will answer you.

Evan’s is enjoying his summer break and he just went to Lake Havasu for vacation. He loves Disneyland and Disney movies. Evan is pretty quiet and you will often find him smiling and giggling to himself. Just ask him a bunch of questions and he will be happy to talk with you.

Evan is able to follow 3-4 step directions with prompting and reminders, but if it is a new task, he may need the directions repeated or he may need additional prompting. Keep sentences short, maybe 4-5 words at the most. If you use too many words you will lose his attention. 

Evan does NOT like physical contact, (he will only do “air” high 5’s and “air” first bumps, he loves clapping, hands up in the air, thumbs up, etc.) BUT he does love VERBAL AND VISUAL PRAISE. 

The following is data about another student:
Good - Student was very social in his conversations with us. His groundstrokes had great form, and hit with a good distance. He showed his excitement and fun he had with the exercises he enjoyed.
Bad - Student could hug the racket more to prevent hitting others and hurting them. He could also work to participate in more activities he enjoys, since he did not like the warm ups or tennis drills. Student could also try to explain why he doesn’t want to do a certain activity. Student generally walked around the court, and minimally participated in the tennis activities. He was very social with us, but tended to say no to the questions and activities that he did not want to do.
Background About Student - Dhillon is RIGHT HANDED and has played tennis before

Create a write-up for Dhillon based on the sample writeup. Do not compare any factors to the original write-up and keep a very similar format. Response should be in paragraph form.